[Music]
now Israeli strikes in southern Gaza
have killed at least 70 people with more
than 200 injured according to the Hamas
ran Health Ministry Israel says the area
around K Yunis including a location
previously designated as a humanitarian
Zone which has been used by internally
displaced people as being used as a base
for attacks by militants the Israeli
military had issued orders to civilians
to evacuate ahead of what it said would
be a forceful operation separately a
planned meeting between Israel's primee
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US
President Joe Biden which was due to
take place later today has been delayed
until Thursday well I'm joined by a
correspondent in Jerusalem Barbara plet
aser um Barbara just in terms of of the
latest of what's going on in the ground
in Gaza just bring us up to date with
what's been going on in the last uh few
hours aita there's been a mass
displacement in the last 20 24 hours
150,000 people according to a un
official um at least have fled this area
where the Israeli Army has resumed
operations so the Israelis had carried
out a massive sweeping operation in the
city of Kanan yunes earlier in the year
against Hamas uh and then they left um
and now they're saying that the Hamas is
regrouping in part of the city and is is
attacking them uh in the Eastern
districts and so it's moving back in and
it issued this evacuation order telling
people there to leave right away now the
people there many of them had been
displaced from earlier operations and
they started to flee in panic almost
right away but not fast enough uh
because according to the health Ministry
uh which is with according to the health
Ministry about 70 people were killed in
200 uh injured and these displaced
people now are looking for new places to
go part of this area had been designated
a humanitarian Zone uh as you mentioned
they're going to another area that has
also been designated but that's very
crowded uh not much room for to put up
shelter not much services and also
frankly not safe a un official said this
the the front line keeps suffocating
them uh that it just keeps moving and
closing in on them and Barbara what is
known about the visit of Mr n Yahoo to
the US what's its purpose and who will
he now meet given the change in politics
there he was invited to speak to a joint
session of Congress that with that
invitation was initially put forward by
the Republican speaker um so he has gone
there to do that now the politics have
shifted uh in the meantime so he will be
of course meeting President Biden but he
will also meet Kamala Harris uh the
presumptive nominee at this point and he
has asked we are told and we understand
to meet with uh pres the former
president Donald Trump as well um so he
is going to be a hedging his bets I
suppose or laying the groundwork for
whatever might come but his message is
going to be the same I think as it has
been he's very much Under Pressure to
agree to a ceasefire in Gaza both by the
families of hostages and by the Biden
Administration and and some of the
democratic party he keeps saying no the
military pressure is working uh Hamas is
losing its Spirit he's just said the
conditions are ripening for a deal but
we're not there yet B